---
layout: blog-post
date: 2023-01-17
title: Welcome to a New Chapter in Open Innovation Storytelling
permalink: /welcome/
project: COIL
authors:
    - The COIL Team
excerpt: "Greetings to our community of innovation enthusiasts!"
src: /assets/img/blog/features/desktop-coil-blog-expanded-post-image.png
---
Greetings to our community of innovation enthusiasts!

You may hear a lot from the U.S. Census Bureau about new findings from data. But we're here to bring you the magic behind problem-solving with data. We’ll showcase how the Census Open Innovation Labs (COIL) team works and collaborates, and what we’re learning along the way.

If you’re new to COIL, we’re the team behind [The Opportunity Project (TOP)](https://opportunity.census.gov/){:target="_blank"}, [StatVentures](https://coil.census.gov/statventures/){:target="_blank"}, [Census Open Innovation Summit](https://opportunity.census.gov/summit/){:target="_blank"}, human-centered design trainings, data usability workshops, [Census Accelerate](https://accelerate.census.gov/){:target="_blank"}, and [more](https://coil.census.gov/portfolio/){:target="_blank"}. Our journey has always been about more than just numbers. We work with hundreds of partners in and outside government each year, and constantly seek to grow with others by prototyping new processes and products, iterating, and sharing what we’ve learned with everyone.

Here’s some of what you can expect from our blog:

## Tech and Product Innovations
At COIL, we focus a lot on product development. Through TOP and StatVentures, we work with the best in the tech industry to catalyze new products and technologies with open data, and learn as much as we can from them. In this blog, we’ll share some of our community’s best product-building methodologies, and what we’ve tested in government, to help you try new approaches on your own team.

## Impact and Reach
We strive to ensure that all the work we do, alongside our contributors, has a lasting effect. Through this blog, we’ll crack open a window into the influence and extended reach of our projects, revealing how they make a real difference in the world.

## Best Practices
We believe in the power of community and collective growth. Over the years, [our initiatives](https://coil.census.gov/portfolio/) and contributors have amassed a treasure trove of open innovation learning. This blog will serve as a repository of best practices, insights, and lessons to help our community of leaders and enthusiasts work more efficiently and effectively.

## Dialogue and Connections
Conversation is the cornerstone of innovation. We aim to spark discussions, encourage questions, and invite diverse perspectives.

## Join Us on the Journey
As we navigate the ever-evolving landscape of innovation, our team continuously learns and grows. This blog is our way of taking you along on this journey. From triumphs to challenges, we'll share our experiences, insights, and the lessons we learn as a team committed to leading in innovation.

Whether you're a data scientist, a tech enthusiast, a policy maker, or just curious about the world of data and innovation, there's something here for everyone.

So, dive in, explore, and let's make this journey of discovery, learning, and conversation a memorable one.

We're just getting started, and the best is yet to come. Stay tuned for our upcoming posts, and [email us](mailto:census.openinnovationlabs@census.gov) to subscribe to the latest updates from the Blog.
